start whats new page (#2509)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/whats-new.mdx

<!-- BEGIN: What's New Entries -->

## March 9, 2022 - April 1, 2022

### Communications

- We are actively working on a process for receiving design contributions from members outside of the Design System core team.
- We will begin this process by rolling out a way for designers to contribute small fixes and medium enhancements by leveraging the Figma Branching feature. Stay tuned!

### Roadmap Updates

- **Page Layouts**

>   - Updated the [Figma file](https://www.figma.com/file/4rdBkUlHd5MCVq3hvUOXHd/Page-Layouts?node-id=2891%3A21273) to reflect new Page component in Grommet. Page component coming soon to Design System site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Updated the [Page Layouts Figma file](https://www.figma.com/file/4rdBkUlHd5MCVq3hvUOXHd/Page-Layouts?node-id=2891%3A21273) to reflect new Page component in Grommet. Page component coming soon to Design System site.
```

- Wizard - Fixed template spacing issues between elements in [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/GEhgYzx3b8MejBjg9gAxyA/Wizard?node-id=0%3A1).
- Menu List - Menu Lists are now swappable in [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/DyFWlzLBUtK5KH5jJhwoCB/HPE-Menu-Component?node-id=606%3A1489)
- [Select](https://www.figma.com/file/fZJdRcNrvZ1JjdPRYHpFFU/HPE-Select-Component?node-id=0%3A1), [TextInput](https://www.figma.com/file/E40Oo2MpdRNMyVaJqfJ0Wd/HPE-Text-Input-Component?node-id=0%3A1) and [TextArea](https://www.figma.com/file/evH1LQewFPc8Y2fteywMxM/HPE-Text-Area-Component?node-id=0%3A1) - Added auto layout to fix resizing and wrapping issues in Figma.
- [Tabs](https://www.figma.com/file/Kp4dWyhUTnKIJ1Cg5CoL9o/HPE-Tabs-Component?node-id=208%3A0) - you can now swap to the selected instance without any issues.

### Latest Releases
- **Grommet v2.22.0** - Release includes enhancements including (but not limited to): NEW Page and PageContent components! Accessibility improvements to RangeInput, Menu, and Select components.
Full details about this release are available in the [Release Notes](https://github.com/grommet/grommet/releases/tag/v2.22.0).

> - **Grommet-HPE-theme** - Release includes NEW Banner Notifications styling, NEW Page Component styling. Changed value of text-weak to pass color contrast requirements and can be used for text when a more subtle treatment is desired. text-xweak is recommended for disabled text.

Reviewer 2: - **Grommet-HPE-theme** - Release includes NEW Banner Notifications styling, NEW Page Component styling. Changed value of `text-weak` to pass color contrast requirements and can be used for text when a more subtle treatment is desired. `text-xweak` is recommended for disabled text.

> - **Grommet-HPE-theme** - Release includes NEW Banner Notifications styling, NEW Page Component styling. Changed value of text-weak to pass color contrast requirements and can be used for text when a more subtle treatment is desired. text-xweak is recommended for disabled text.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Grommet-HPE-theme** - Release includes NEW Banner Notifications styling, NEW Page Component styling. Changed value of text-weak to pass color contrast requirements and can be used for text when a more subtle treatment is desired. `text-xweak` is recommended for disabled text.
```

## March 9, 2022 - April 1, 2022

### Communications

- To help scale and accelerate Design System feature delivery, we are actively working on a process for receiving design contributions from members outside of the Design System core team. Initially, designers will be able to leverage [Figma's Branching feature](https://www.figma.com/best-practices/branching-in-figma/) to contribute small fixes and medium enhancements while the process is tested and refined. Stay tuned!

### Roadmap Updates

- **Page Layouts**
  - Updated the [Page Layouts Figma file](https://www.figma.com/file/4rdBkUlHd5MCVq3hvUOXHd/Page-Layouts?node-id=2891%3A21273) to reflect new Page component in Grommet. Page component guidance and examples coming soon to the Design System site.
- **Global Banner Notifications**
  - [Guidance and examples for Global Banner Notifications](/templates/global-banner-notifications) are now available.
  - Styling is supplied by the HPE Theme and available on `grommet-theme-hpe v2.4.0`.
- **Page Header**

>   - Began work to standardize [Page Headers] (https://www.figma.com/file/BHp0KrOcPvbnzNyshfHkd8/HPE-Page-Header?node-id=84%3A2940) across HPE applications. The scope of this work is to define how page titles, page level actions, and contextual information should be displayed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Began work to standardize [Page Headers](https://www.figma.com/file/BHp0KrOcPvbnzNyshfHkd8/HPE-Page-Header?node-id=84%3A2940) across HPE applications. The scope of this work is to define how page titles, page level actions, and contextual information should be displayed.
```

- **Tabs**
  - Began working with stakeholders to understand uses cases and standardize scenarios with more than 5 Tabs across HPE applications. The scope of this work is to define how to visually display tabs across different resolutions.

### Stay Current with the Latest Changes
- Want to know how to create dynamic, responsive layouts? Gain a better understanding [Grid's capabilities and how to master this component](/components/grid#grid-properties-and-key-concepts) to create dynamic layouts.
- Added an example of a Form with a [single required FormField](/templates/forms#single-required-formfield) on the site.

> - FileInput - It was found that the Trash icon was tied with something being unrecoverable which is not the case in removing a file in a FileInput. [remove file action](/components/fileinput) is now represented by the Close icon instead of the Trash icon. This change has been made in the Figma component and is available in the grommet-hpe-theme v2.4.0.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- FileInput - The [remove file action](/components/fileinput) is now represented by the Close icon instead of the Trash icon. This aligns the icon more closely with the action it is representing (the Trash icon was associated with destroy/delete/unrecoverable, which is not the case in removing a file from a FileInput). This change has been made in the Figma component and is available in the grommet-hpe-theme v2.4.0.
```

- **Figma changes**

>   - Improved auto layout behaviors in [Select](https://www.figma.com/file/fZJdRcNrvZ1JjdPRYHpFFU/HPE-Select-Component?node-id=0%3A1), [TextInput](https://www.figma.com/file/E40Oo2MpdRNMyVaJqfJ0Wd/HPE-Text-Input-Component?node-id=0%3A1), and [TextArea](https://www.figma.com/file/evH1LQewFPc8Y2fteywMxM/HPE-Text-Area-Component?node-id=0%3A1) which resolves resizing and wrapping issues in Figma.

Reviewer 3: Much improved! Clear and understandable.

Author: thank you

>   - [Tabs](https://www.figma.com/file/Kp4dWyhUTnKIJ1Cg5CoL9o/HPE-Tabs-Component?node-id=208%3A0) - you can now swap to the selected instance without any issues.

Author: @vavalos5 
I moved these to be under the Figma Changes 

I wasn't sure how to reword the `Tabs` sentence just because I'm not sure what is meant by `swap to the selected instance without any issues`

>   - [Tabs](https://www.figma.com/file/Kp4dWyhUTnKIJ1Cg5CoL9o/HPE-Tabs-Component?node-id=208%3A0) - Previously in Figma you were not able to swap between variants, you can now swap to the selected instance without any issues.

Reviewer 3: Much improved!

  - These additional breakpoints are breaking changes from v2 that will require some minor code changes to ensure backwards compatibility. A [migration guide](https://github.com/grommet/grommet-theme-hpe/wiki/Migrating-from-HPE-Theme-2.x-to-3.x) is available to make this a smooth process.

## March 9, 2022 - April 1, 2022

### Communications

- We are actively working on a process for receiving design contributions from members outside of the Design System core team.
- We will begin this process by rolling out a way for designers to contribute small fixes and medium enhancements by leveraging the Figma Branching feature. Stay tuned!

### Roadmap Updates

- **Page Layouts**
  - Updated the [Page Layouts Figma file](https://www.figma.com/file/4rdBkUlHd5MCVq3hvUOXHd/Page-Layouts?node-id=2891%3A21273) to reflect new Page component in Grommet. Page component guidance and examples coming soon to the Design System site.
- **Global Banner Notifications**
  - Guidance and examples are now available on the [Design System site](/templates/global-banner-notifications).
  - Theme-related styling is available on `grommet-theme-hpe v2.4.0`.
- **Page Header**

>   - Finalized gathering use cases, annotating designs from service teams, and exploring anatomy. [Design ideations](https://www.figma.com/file/BHp0KrOcPvbnzNyshfHkd8/HPE-Page-Header) are in progress.

Reviewer 3: I think this is too "us" focussed as opposed to focus on our reader. We should always be asking "What is important to the reader? Why should they care?"

In this case, why they should care is 1) awareness that work is actively being done to standardize page headers across HPE applications which will likely impact them, 2) where we are in the process so that if they have thoughts to share or contribute they know when and how they can engage and provide input or point of view on the topic, as well as how soon they may be affected.

Also, this link points to a blank "finished" page. The intent behind the link is helpful.

```suggestion
  - Began work to standardize Page Headers across HPE applications. The scope of this work is to define how page titles, page level actions, and contextual navigation should be displayed.
  - Completed research and exploration phase by collecting use cases across HPE applications and identified commonalities and deviances.
  - [Design ideations](https://www.figma.com/file/BHp0KrOcPvbnzNyshfHkd8/HPE-Page-Header) are currently being explored.
```

Fix link. Consider some sort of invitation to the reader to provide feedback.

>   - Conducted a user study test on contextual navigation with regards to the "Ascending" Button. The goal was to understand user expectations when navigating up a navigation hierarchy and to determine the most intuitive name for this navigational component. Design decisions and guidance will be coming soon.

Reviewer 3: Seems internally focussed. Not reader focussed. Can we answer "as a reader, why should I care?" If not, remove.

Author: we will remove

- **Tabs**
  - Work is in progress to provide design and development guidance for how Tabs should display when there is not ample screen width to fit all available tabs.
  - Gathered use cases from stakeholders to understand scenarios when more than 5 tabs may be necessary on a single page.

>   - Design and best practice ideation is in progress.

Reviewer 3: Can we do a similar process as suggested in the Page Header work above? Please take a stab at bullet points which answer "What is important to the reader? Why should they care?"

Reviewer 2: - Began working with stakeholders to understand uses cases and standardize scenarios with more than 5 Tabs across HPE applications. The scope of this work is to define how to visually display tabs across different resolutions.

### Stay Current with the Latest Changes

> - Enhanced Grid documentation to help developers better understand [Grid's](/components/grid#grid-properties-and-key-concepts) capabilities and how to master this component to create dynamic layouts.

Reviewer 3: "why should I care?"

This one is close, but shift by leading with the "why" then linking to the "what" (as opposed to the noun).

```suggestion
- Want to know how to create dynamic, responsive layouts? Gain a better understanding [Grid's capabilities and how to master this component](/components/grid#grid-properties-and-key-concepts) to create dynamic layouts.
```

> - Added an example of a Form with a [single required FormField](https://design-system.hpe.design/templates/forms#single-required-formfield) on the site.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Added an example of a Form with a [single required FormField](/templates/forms#single-required-formfield) on the site.
```

> - FileInput - Trash icon got replaced with a [Close icon](/components/fileinput). 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- FileInput - For [insert the reason this change was made] the [remove file action](/components/fileinput) is now represented by the Close icon instead of the Trash icon. This change has been made in the Figma component and is available in [insert Grommet / grommet-hpe-theme version].
```

> - Wizard - Fixed template spacing issues between elements in [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/GEhgYzx3b8MejBjg9gAxyA/Wizard?node-id=0%3A1).

Reviewer 3: What were the spacing issues? How does this impact the reader? Are their designs going to be affected? Broken? Depending on the answers to these questions, they should be addressed in this bullet point or removed.

Reviewer 3: @britt6612 I don't think renaming the section would address my question/concern. Ultimately, I'd still like to understand the changes which have been made and know whether I should expect them to alter my designs. Or if they aren't going to affect anyone, then why worthy of mention?

Author: @vavalos5

Reviewer 2: > @britt6612 I don't think renaming the section would address my question/concern. Ultimately, I'd still like to understand the changes which have been made and know whether I should expect them to alter my designs. Or if they aren't going to affect anyone, then why worthy of mention?

Designers are notified in Figma when a new change has been made to a component. They have the option to accept the changes or keep their current designs. As a designer, i'd like to know what changes have been made if I haven't come across the notification within Figma. These small tickets tend to be questions we often get within Office Hours. I think it's worth mentioning within this platform that a change has been made to XYZ if i'm trying to quickly find new changes made within Figma.

Author: what if we do a bullet point that states Figma changes then the sub-bullet points can be what you have here just an idea

Reviewer 3: > As a designer, i'd like to know what changes have been made if I haven't come across the notification within Figma.

☝️  This is exactly what my comments are about and trying to get this bullet point to state what the changes were. As currently written, "fixed template spacing issues" is vague and I'd have to take extra steps to go investigate and do my own comparison. I think we deliver a better reader experience by providing more specificity and eliminate the extra work placed on the reader. 

To deliver the better experience we need to move beyond "a change has been made to XYZ" to "[this specific] change has been made to XYZ." In this case, what were the template spacing issues and how were they resolved? Or, depending on the change we may be able to get away without elaborating the spacing issues and simply "fixed spacing issues by [how the issue was resolved] (e.g. "by applying consistent spacing between buttons", "by applying desired spacing between the step number and step title" -- whatever the fix was).

> - [Select](https://www.figma.com/file/fZJdRcNrvZ1JjdPRYHpFFU/HPE-Select-Component?node-id=0%3A1), [TextInput](https://www.figma.com/file/E40Oo2MpdRNMyVaJqfJ0Wd/HPE-Text-Input-Component?node-id=0%3A1) and [TextArea](https://www.figma.com/file/evH1LQewFPc8Y2fteywMxM/HPE-Text-Area-Component?node-id=0%3A1) - Added auto layout to fix resizing and wrapping issues in Figma.

Reviewer 3: Lead with the user benefit / "why should I care?"

```suggestion
- Improved auto layout behaviors in [Select](https://www.figma.com/file/fZJdRcNrvZ1JjdPRYHpFFU/HPE-Select-Component?node-id=0%3A1), [TextInput](https://www.figma.com/file/E40Oo2MpdRNMyVaJqfJ0Wd/HPE-Text-Input-Component?node-id=0%3A1), and [TextArea](https://www.figma.com/file/evH1LQewFPc8Y2fteywMxM/HPE-Text-Area-Component?node-id=0%3A1) which resolves resizing and wrapping issues in Figma.
```

> - [Tabs](https://www.figma.com/file/Kp4dWyhUTnKIJ1Cg5CoL9o/HPE-Tabs-Component?node-id=208%3A0) - you can now swap to the selected instance without any issues.

Reviewer 3: I have no idea what this means....

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we can have the heading for this section say "Stay Current with the Latest Figma Changes" so designers know what has been changed within Figma. Only Designers would know what these items would mean as they're Figma specific.

Reviewer 3: Why not write "Resolved issues within Figma related to swapping instances of Tabs."?

### Latest Releases

> - **Grommet v2.22.0** - Release includes enhancements including (but not limited to): NEW Page and PageContent components as well as accessibility improvements to RangeInput, Menu, and Select components. Full details about this release are available in the [Release Notes](https://github.com/grommet/grommet/releases/tag/v2.22.0).

Reviewer 3: includes and including in the same sentence?.....
```suggestion
- **Grommet v2.22.0** - Release includes NEW Page and PageContent components which allow for consistent page layout implementation across HPE applications, as well as accessibility improvements to RangeInput, Menu, and Select components. Full details about this release are available in the [Release Notes](https://github.com/grommet/grommet/releases/tag/v2.22.0).
```

- **grommet-theme-hpe v2.4.0** - Some features of the release include:
  - NEW Banner Notifications styling.

>   - NEW Page Component styling.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - NEW Page component styling.
```
